The problem that we'll use for this lesson,
was one that was suggested by one of our students by Mathias Watson from Sweden.
Here's how he state the problem.
This is days old number two and it says,
"Given your birthday and the current date,
calculate your age in days."
You have to be aware about leap days,
dates are complicated things.
You can assume that, the inputs are correct dates.
Then there's an example here to say that,
"Well, if you were born on January 1st,
2012 and today is January 2nd,
2012, you're one day old.
So, this is a great practice problem.
Thanks Matthias for suggesting it,
and it's generated lots of discussion on the forums.
So, I wanted to step through how I would solve this problem.
If you have not tried it yourself,
I would strongly encourage you to do so.
There's a link to the problem in the additional homework to try it yourself.
I suggest keeping notes on how you solve it.
Whether you're able to solve it or not,
I hope you'll come back and watch the rest of this lesson.
If you got stuck, this lesson will give you some ideas of how to get unstuck.
Then, when you get unstuck, go back to trying to
solve it on your own before continuing with the lesson.